// Go Fish is a card game that uses all 52 cards in the deck.


Players sit in a circle, or around a table.
Shuffle cards.
Pass 1 card to each person.
Repeat until each person has recieved 5 cards including the dealer:
        Place the rest of the deck in the middle of the circle.
        The cards in the middle are now the draw deck.
        While each player recieved cards:
                Do nothing
        Else:
                 Put in ascending order from 2 to Ace.
        If you recieve all 4 of a card:
                Place down all 4 cards for a point
        Else:
                Don't put cards down.
        If you get the starting 5 with no pairs or matching 4:
                Put them in order.
        
//Example if you are dealt all 4 aces and 1 King put the 4 aces down gaining that point.
       While player asks for a card it must be a card in their deck
                If not they can't ask
        Else if player asks you for card:
                If you have cards give cards of value
        If not say Go Fish
         
//Example if the one player asks you for a 3, give all 3's if not Go Fish.

    If the person didn't recieve card they asked for pull a card from draw deck:
        If the person recieves the card they asked for
    Repeat turn:
        If not turn is over.
        If you have run out of cards:
                If you run out of cards draw 5 from deck
        If deck < 5:
                take all cards.
        If no cards in deck:
                wait until game is over.
        
    Repeat turns until cards are empty:
        If cards for everyone have emptied:
                count points to find winner
        If player has all 4 of a card:
                add one point
        If the 4 matching cards are face cards or 2-10 cards: 
                add one point 
        // Count all points and add up
        If player has more points than the other players they win
        If tie no winner.
  
//You win if you end the game with more points than your opponent
  One point = 4 of same card value
  Count points to find winner.
